Not your keys, not your bitcoin!
Not your node, not your rules!
Not your node, not your transactions!
Bitcoin, not blockchain.
Run your own full validating bitcoin node.
1 bitcoin = 1 bitcoin
1 bitcoin = 100000000 satoshis
1 satoshi = 1 satoshi
All fiat currencies are devaluing against bitcoin.
Your shitcoin bags will go to zero eventually.
Buying shitcoins will get you rekt.
Don't underestimate the first-mover advantage.
You will buy the all time high and sell at a huge loss.
You will buy the local low and sell the all time high.
Initial Coin Offerings are scams.
An ICO is a license to print money until it is not.
Don't buy the next ICO you find.
Never buy into an ICO ever again you will regret it.
Buy the next ICO at your own peril.
ICO at your own risk.
Initial Coin Offerings are mostly scams.
Your pump and dump scheme will result in prison time.
Your pump and dump scheme will backfire.
You will lose your keys in a tragic boating accident.
No one believes you lost your keys in a tragic boating accident.
Generate a private key during the full moon.
Be careful sending bitcoin today. You might send it to the wrong address.
Multisig your wallets or lose your funds in a $5 wrench attack.
Bitcoin hard forks are a bad idea. 
Airgap your coins!
Do not save your keys on an internet connected device.
Write down your private keys twice and store them in two safe places.
You've been considering hard forking bitcoin. DO NOT DO IT!
Your bitcoin hard fork will be a great success. ROFLMAO!
Bitcoin Cash is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin SV is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoiin is not Bitcoin. Be careful.
Bitcoin Jesus is a joke.
Satoshi is watching.
The return of Satoshi is imminent.
Your mom is Satoshi Nakamoto.
Your dad is Satoshi Nakamoto.
The sister of your best friend's nephew's secret lover is Satoshi Nakamoto.
Those who claim to be Satoshi are not Satoshi.
Would Satoshi lose private keys? No!
That Australian guy... He is NOT Satoshi Nakamoto.
Those claiming to be Satoshi are not Satoshi.
Someone will give you several Satoshis in the near future.
A mysterious transaction will arrive in your wallet in the near future.
Don't trust the dust in your wallet!
The fee estimation algorithm of your wallet sucks.
The fee estimation algorithm of your wallet will improve soon.
Consider switching wallets.
Tulips and bitcoin do not equate.
Hyperbitcoinization will happen in your lifetime. Hodl!
Hodl your bitcoin like you hodl your mom.
Today is a good day to spend a small percentage of your stack.
It will slowly fall once you buy.
It will crash the moment you FOMO buy.
If you speculate wisely your fortunes will rise.
The price will spike just after you panic sell.
Hodlers will be rewarded.
Stacking Sats will bring you fame and fortune. Do not stop stacking!
Your stacked Sats are bound to grow in value.
Those Sats don't stack themselves. Get to it!
Inflation is stealing your hard spent time. 
Long Bitcoin! Short the Banks!
Do not trust your bank to give back your hard earned money.
Buy Bitcoin!
Craig Wright is a fraud!
All shitcoins will die!
Bitcoin equals power to the people.
Bitcoin is unstoppable.
Do not fall for the "send bitcoin to this address scam."
A mysterious transaction will appear in your bitcoin wallet.
Do not buy a Lambo.
Buying a Lambo is a mistake.
Buy a Lambo, get rekt.
You do not need a Lambo. You've got enough going for you already.
You only need a Lambo to compensate for something...
Stay humble, stack Sats!
Start thinking about how to get out of Dodge and into a Citadel!
You will become the mayor of a Citadel if you keep stacking sats.
Hordes will be banging on your Citadel doors. 
Gift a random stranger some Bitcoin today. It will do you both well.
Burn a few Sats to some random address, just for the hell of it. Do it!
One of your friends wishes you would teach them about Bitcoin.
Write "Buy Bitcoin" on the banknotes in your wallet.
No one is making a Litecoin fortune cookie website.
This is an Ethereum Fortune Cookie. Just kidding. Ethereum is a joke.
Tell your enemies to buy Ethereum.
Buying Ripple will cripple your financial future.
Bitcoin won't be the best thing to happen to you. 
Bitcoin is the best thing that will ever happen to you.
A lighting channel today will save you sats later. 
A lightning transaction a day keeps the fee market away.
Prepare for a $5 wrench attack.
Hodling is your best option.
If you retire early, you will not accomplish what you need to do.
The moon is ~382,500 km away. Bitcoin will go there and beyond.
Don't let your guard down. This isn't over.
Another fork war is brewing. Bitcoin needs you!
Privacy is not a crime. 
You're more important to Bitcoin than you know.
The Overton Window is shifting. Can you see it?
You will make a fortune knowing what others do not.
True bitcoiners do not seek Satoshi.
Bitcoin IS rat poison squared! And all the rats are central bankers!
Buy
Sell
Stack
It will go up. 
It will go down.
It will go sideways.
Bitcoin is designed to pump forever.
Your meager hodl of sats is the foundation for a future dynasty.
Enlightenment can be a heavy burden.
Is a bitcoin round if you cannot really see it?
You'll need a few extra sats if you want to live in a Citadel.
You've got plenty of sats to start a Citadel.
Bitcoin has staying power. 
The fourth turning is nigh.
Stack harder!
Buying bitcoin makes you a rebel.
Do not tell anyone about your stack of Sats.
The world is ready for Bitcoin. Are you?
There is more to learn about Bitcoin. Always.
Earn your coin.
You are Satoshi Nakamoto. You created bitcoin while blackout drunk in 2009.
You will meet Satoshi but you won't know it.
Consider switching wallets.
Of all the shitcoins that have been and will be made, 99.999 % will die.
There is nothing more profitable than being right.
Stay Humble Stack Sats.
You will not stay humble.
The biggest mistake you will ever make is to stop stacking sats.
You need to coinjoin before it is too late.
Your bitcoin is not as private as you think it is. Take precautions.
Having nothing to hide is not a reason to forgo privacy. 
Increasing your privacy helps bitcoin.
Bitcoin will succeed if you use coinjoin.
Bitcoin will rise if you use lightning.
Money printer go brrr = Number go up
Lightning is the way but it is not the end.
Bitcoin is the way but it's not the goal.
Someone in your family wishes you would teach them.
Someone close to you is too afraid to ask you about Bitcoin.
Your full node will save you from financial ruin someday.
Your full node stopped an attack on Bitcoin.
Your full node will stop an attack on Bitcoin. Keep it online.
Be vigilant, something is not as it appears.
Some that sing Bitcoins praises do not wish it well. 
They want your sats. Do not let your guard down.
You have unwittingly converted 56 new bitcoiners. 
42 bitcoins are in long term hodl because of your example.
Someone will reward you handsomely for convincing them to buy Bitcoin.
Someone you care about is dabbling in shitcoins. Save them!
Your enemies have more bitcoin than you.
You have more bitcoin than your enemies, but they are closing the gap.
You will be happier if you help others stack sats.
You will be rich but you will only be happy if you help others.
Be prepared to slay your heroes.
Bitcoin is very volatile to the upside.
Stack a little for your nocoiner friends and family.
Bitcoin is an IQ test. 
Tick, tock, next, block.
Bitcoin will become like water to fish. Invisible, yet pervasive.
Only fools short Bitcoin.
Careful. Writing custom Bitcoin Fortune Cookies is addictive.